[KB-131] Narrow in on the CS problem we’re solving (#90)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/introduction.tex

However, there remains considerable uncertainty about which machine learning techniques best predict the composition of major oxides in Martian geological samples using \gls{libs} data.
This underscores the importance of a detailed study into advanced machine learning models for improving predictions in these applications.

> Furthermore, it is clear that dimensionality reduction plays a pivotal role in addressing the challenges posed by the high-dimensional nature of the data.

Reviewer: Probably need a cite here? And perhaps an explicit "as shown by" reference, since this otherwise feels a little tacked-on.

> This technique is crucial for mitigating the effects of multicollinearity and enhancing the model's ability to discern the underlying patterns within the spectral data.

Author: Yep

> Furthermore, it is clear that dimensionality reduction plays a pivotal role in addressing the challenges posed by the high-dimensional nature of the data.
> This technique is crucial for mitigating the effects of multicollinearity and enhancing a model's ability to discern the underlying patterns within the spectral data.
> By effectively reducing the number of variables, dimensionality reduction aids in simplifying the computational models, making them more efficient and improving their predictive accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the high dimensionality of \gls{libs} data poses a significant challenge for computational models.
Therefore, techniques that reduce the dimensionality of the data are crucial for mitigating the effects of multicollinearity and enhancing the model's ability to discern the underlying patterns within the spectral data.
```
